start på bruk av dot files (#151)
nais/doc: docs/nais-application/k8s-overview/README.md

# K8s overview

> A simplified overview over resources created/mounted/used by a nais-app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simplified overview of resources created, mounted, and used by a nais-app.
```

> ![Overview of kubernetes resources created when deploy your nais-app](nais.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Overview of Kubernetes resources created upon deployment of your nais-app](nais.png)
```

> ![Overview of Kubernetes resources created upon deployment of your nais-app](nais.png)

Reviewer 2: Må oppdateres for å peke på SVG fil ;)
```suggestion
![Overview of Kubernetes resources created upon deployment of your nais-app](nais.svg)
```

## Generate new image

> We're using [the Dot language](https://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html) to create the overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [the DOT language](https://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html), one can create an overview of their application.```

Run the following command in this directory:
```bash

> dot -Tpng nais.dot -o nais.png

Reviewer 2: Kan jeg foreslå `svg` istedenfor? Koster så lite og er minst like godt støttet i nettleser.
```suggestion
dot -Tsvg nais.dot -o nais.svg
```
